 as a result of the possession of property, the number of british people in the united kingdom were eight3.
 the convention, in accordance with article 4 of the convention, is not relevant to the convention, which is consistent with the provisions of article 4.
 the economic performance of the economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993, as well as in the 1 quarter of 1993, was weak.
 the department of peacekeeping operations, which was accepted by the department of peacekeeping operations, pointed out that candidates should be included in the recruitment of candidates after completion of the consultation.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of the phase ii methodology requires the basis for such grades as a basis for the remuneration comparison.
 according to the gradual development of the china tourism market, the price prices of these spots may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate for the shopping and shopping market stalls in the shopping market is the highest in the past 5 years.
 the situation in peace-keeping is most difficult to forecast, since the assumptions are likely to have significant changes in the year.
 it is important to take care of the country's intentions, not instruments.
 a spokesman for a spokesperson of a spokesperson for the occupation of the occupying forces, he said.
 some of us believe that this action would not be possible if it had been open and transparent.
 this is particularly useful for member states to know the complexity of the problems addressed by the court.
 in january 1996, the family family planning association has become a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties have the state party to report on the most critical health problems affecting women in the country.
 it exercises the power of international treaties, therefore, and in fact, it is a subject of international law.
 although the current activity is still limited, the size of the future space activities will be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and try to keep the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who perpetrate the law understand that the international community is the united nations council decisions and action.
 parents cannot afford, regardless of whatever, the responsibility of the educate responsibility for the schools and teachers.
 " now i am pleased to see that one country, two systems, two systems, and hong kong people enjoy the results of the system.
 on the list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia will speak on behalf of the group of 21, and other representatives of china.
 the government understands that the hos plans to avoid the private property market and to maintain a difference between the two.
 we look forward to strengthening the control of the united nations in consultation with the relevant countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term chief executive is elected by a sub-committee.
 if a person is based on a installation, the person must take appropriate attention to prevent the installation of that device.
 it also established the international e-commerce network, which was held in october 1998.
 in 1996, the gdp growth rate of the gross domestic product increased by 4.9% to 5.0%.
 after visiting the visit to visit the visit to visit the visit, he will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile had a strong protest against a new nuclear device on 8 june 1996.
 as stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for the military organization of military volunteers is not compensable.
 the decision should be made by the president of the president of the general assembly and the chairman of the regional groups.
 long-standing problems in the countries of the two countries and the government of ukraine are unable to provide prompt access to the organization of the government of belarus and ukraine.
 india was a member of the panel of members of the panel on trade and the united states between india and the united states.
 as a result of the university of suzuri university university, he decided to choose to chinese.
 the committee notes, however, that the state service is not a good.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to the adoption of the education system, which will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30).
 mr tsang has expressed gratitude to the department of marine affairs, and other interested parties to assist the construction of the pilot team.
 okay, continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, there is a need for a number of preconditions for some of these groups.
 on the other hand, no tropical cyclone warning warnings at 10.30 pm in the face of the hong kong city will gradually restore normal.
 this is regrettable, as part of the draft resolution prepared to be prepared to the conference on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would like to solve these problems.
 official languages of the conference include english, russian, french, spanish, spanish, and spanish this year.
 in transactions with local transactions, hong kong recognised by the local financial institutions and local non-financing customers, with respective local financial institutions and local non-state actors.
 " in the long run, we are planning to construct more multi-storey single-productions.
 of course, it is important to seek fruit, and that relationships to multilateral cooperation will be feasible.
 the culprits were arrested and sentenced to theft.
 contributions to the humanitarian relief of humanitarian relief in the region is concerned.
 the prosecutor has made a decision on this subject, so the chamber was admitted to france.
 the trend towards economic progress and the maintenance of social stability and stability in the economic progress and the maintenance of social stability, thus help us to express our deep concern.
 the week, seven days.
 we have been able to enter the world, through the united nations, the united nations, through the united nations, with each other.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on the implementation of the strategy for local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development.
 the role of the united nations can play a crucial role in bringing information and communication to developing countries.
 " i don't know how to have a sword, " he said.
 (15) in the context of the words and thinking of thinking.
 there have been 2 months since 11 september.
 officials of the ministry of agriculture said that china's control of avian flu has been very effective.
 chile agreed that preventive deployment of the united nations peace-keeping force would be possible to prevent the error of violent conflicts.
 however, in this critical juncture, the league of terror must clearly recognize and identify its enemy.
 i am very much hope that the executive council can start a dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for the group of speakers commended unifem for his efforts to evaluate the recommendations of unifem for the response.
 the chinese government intends to take a final plan at the beginning of next year, with 13 coal " bases in the country.
 at the end of this year, the old town of old years old, the old town of old years old, is the path of modernization.
 as part of the day-to-day monitoring exercise, the hkma will continue to closely monitor the credit card operations of the institutions.
 in our country, the arabic is the 2 largest official languages.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the state of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the contents of the digest are enriched by a number of members of the public about statistical development.
 the overwhelming majority of member states show that they were tending to increase the councils permanently permanent and permanent members.
 customers can be selected for a period of six months after the issuance of the special stamps.
 mr deputy secretary-general, deputy secretary of the director, mr. lai, and the director of education, visited the deputy secretary for the visit.
 in 1971, the hong kong man's relationship with a non-profit-making consortium, which was founded in the community's conviction, was founded by the educator.
 it is not easy to identify electors and election activities.
 the united nations member states of the south pacific states that france announced its intention to restore nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the age age is 15 years old.
 the service fee is $ 20 each. "
 there are in many cases in many cases in many cases.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, and humanitarian and peace-keeping personnel and public.
 as a matter of fact, i would like to go to the relevant people of europe to the european parliament.
 currently, the concept of national sovereignty, national self-determination, national security and the maintenance of peace and the maintenance of peace and the implementation of peace.
 such information is conducive to the real responsibilities of the real responsibilities in space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the joint president of the joint president of the joint president of the joint president.
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the state-building process, consolidation of the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urged the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such institutions.
 bombs and residences were destroyed and the israeli army arrived at the end.
 the structure of the text has become more tight, and the content of the text is even more even greater.
 this persisted in high prices, not only the ordinary people, but also caused high priority to the government's authorities and scholars.
 if he does not speak to a halt, it would be necessary to take a look at the heart.
 we do not have any valuable comments on the political well-known scholars who have professional knowledge of professional knowledge.
 the saying goes: " we do not make a mistake. "
 if the largest national party has been confirmed, it is expected that the new millennium democratic party is expected to accelerate.
 after the days of the day, the former people such as lights, lights like the light of the light.
 the mainland is open to taiwan tourism, and local companies have expressed their optimism.
 the most common aspect of the hypothetic jurisdiction is the exclusive economic zone of navigational jurisdictions and through territorial seas.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to provide a report to the police as soon as possible.
 margaret chan officially elected on november 9 last year as the director-general of the united nations specialized agencies in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 under the international covenant, there is provisions in accordance with the provisions of the international court on extradition.
 the universal declaration of human rights in the general assembly for the adoption of the universal declaration of human rights in the general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the broad protection of the constitution of slovenia, in particular protecting the human rights of women.
 er, on this, the whole world is not in a dark.
 the principle of non-discrimination has become a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a historical process in the process of history, and the process has been in a very uncertain situation, as well as in many political difficulties.
 since the government gazetted on the internet, the number of visitors from april to november increased significantly to nearly 60000 in november.
 this situation occurred in the previous case or in the present case.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the performance of the commission must depend on its competence and the modalities of its membership.
 the letter of authorization of registration must be signed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we 're our pursuit of " quality ", does not mean that we are not important.
 it was generally agreed that the international community had no action to terminate the conflict.
 one of the requirements of users is to assess the damage caused by crops and infrastructures.
 it is therefore the 1 step in the government's 1 step forward on the merger of hong kong's internal exchanges and the co-operation of hong kong.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office must assist the three ministers in september and october.
 pre-trial chambers and executions of murder, explosions, the lowest and the maximum limits of a crime, and a maximum of 1<unk>3.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullets were fired by a genuine gun.
 in an analysis of the waiting time for analyst, the applicants are generally divided into three categories.
 this is one of the major reasons for the spread of aids.
 the new generation of life is an example.
 this would be possible to ensure that peace and harmony will be possible to ensure that peace and harmony, together with different national and cultural development.
 in terms of food prices, i am not aware that the business community can do something about the weather.
 this does not only enhance the capacity of the local production of local production.
 i think everyone will understand that our real dream is to be eligible to be eligible to be eligible for 17 years.
 in the case of good health, the symptoms of symptoms are mainly smaller than minor.
 the coordination of issues related to the relevant united nations bodies and the united nations agencies have also been appropriate.
 in the face of the market, parents are much more appropriate to choose a visit to the individual.
 if the more double-digit figure is the result, the consequences are very serious.
 it would not be possible to obtain voluntary repatriation for the resettlement of vietnamese persons and la laders who have not been resettlement.
 experience has shown that the new system in 1999.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear tests has been maintained on the entry into force of the comprehensive nuclear-test-ban treaty.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have travel and immigration freedom.
 they also felt that this might create a precedent, leading to all types of vessels which must be issued prior to all types of vessels.
 right.
 as the government has already been aware of the problem, the government will never tell the legal advice of the legal opinion.
 at the end of august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises in hong kong have contributed about $ 700000000 in hong kong.
 to date, more than 30 tons of relief items have been sent to goma for the air and land assets of monuc.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the challenge of globalization and new technologies to the implementation of the drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women are reflected in the gap between men and women in the work of work.
 on the other hand, before the opening of the borders of the border in 1994, there is no need for trade in egypt.
 madam president, in the process of procession, assembly assemblies are not the right of a few people, and it is not always political demands.
 the delay will affect the credibility of about about.
 14. recently, the private sector and the foundation of the private sector was marked by significant increases in the interest of the united nations.
 there are no other views <unk> " <unk> "
 i am very excited.
 there are two identity cards, one of which is giving the residents to the people.
 because of the limited time, i have not been able to pay all the services.
 recently, the recent political developments in britain will not help hong kong's an early settlement of this problem.
 some of the models include the development of a model of knowledge-based models and the oil of oil.
 9 of the percentage points from currency exchange rates.
 typically illicit arms transactions are carried out under administrative facilities operating from the import and export of weapons.
 switzerland is in no way to tolerate the financial system of terrorism in the future, and it is not tolerated to do so.
 most of the jobs will be obtained from $ 8000 to $ 10000 each month.
 details of the total value of the project completed in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the details of the commission's functions, please see the " financial and capital markets act ".
 in the near future, it is hoped that these programmes were broadcast in the country in the near future.
 civil society in the commonwealth is a great complement and support.
 the chinese delegation believes that the current international nuclear disarmament effort is trying to work at the end of horring, and the prospects are at stake.
 it is because mr leung wing-king has more time to make it more good, and therefore i support it.
 the observer for the indians, africa and the inter-american association of america believes that non-chinese population is a minority of argentina.
 " we plan to conduct a survey on employers in the next three years, with the performance of the graduates of the university.
 we are not aware of the version of the chinese side, which is very likely to be an excuse for the mainland.
 in new york, on 21 and 22 may 2001, the commissioner of commissioners held 5 plenary meetings.
 the model law, however, set up these parties (i.e. signatures, for signatures and certification services) for conducting the conduct of behaviour.
 it is therefore expected that the rate of capacity in the implementation of the national programme is very low.
 the committee will consider a particular topic.
 " the hksar will join the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, a telephone telephone is only one of the 5 300 people in africa.
 the press must respect the dignity and integrity of the staff and institutions.
 the israeli authorities have also carried out a number of days at the border crossings between the gaza strip and egypt.
 as a result of the speedy acceleration, the cost of transport has been reduced, and the cost of transport will benefit from all sectors.
 as chao chao-kuo, the artists or aliens.
 36. the 2 is the development of knowledge, technical and technical capacity-building.
 she wants to do so. such as listening to radio, television, research, singing, singing, singing, singing and bullet plates.
 when i talk about taiwan's growth in taiwan's growth, it is very difficult to see the impact on them.
 the cost of re-opening charges can be calculated on the basis of higher value.
 in fact, the secretary for home affairs invites me to talk about this, and explain why there is no relationship with reconstruction.
 an independent expert group provides an independent expert opinion to encourage consultants to work in an open and transparent manner.
 i have not been able to see, but often listened to such reports.
 (a) the companies who are interested in the first floor floor of the cyberport should apply for formal application.
 on movies, hou hsiao-hsien, a story of hou hsiao-hsien, a story of hou hsiao-hsien, is a story of " polilima ".
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of medical services, director of health, said that some four years will be reached.
 it is difficult.
 in the central institutions of the department, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of current staff, 1 of whom are management positions.
 the court considers that the buyer did not meet the obligations of the purchase purchase.
 the independent human rights association of the region should be able to contact the arab league commission on human rights.
 if the draft sponsors of the draft sponsors of the draft sponsors, it will create a record: this will be a real olympic performance.
 iraq is requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently made a report on the status of hong kong's position on the status of hong kong's financial centre.
 the meeting considered that the elections of the elections are privileged by the general assembly, not the privileges of the security council.
 in modern civilizations, visitors are able to come back in a modern civilization.
 we have set up a great goal for the development of hong kong's regional region.
 at the dinner, the director of social welfare, mr lam, and the fund management committee of the fund will be distributed to each of the new year.
 the honourable mrs selina chow proposes to strengthen the use of the use of the " juvenile police station ".
 there was a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 to the honourable lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out that his argument is actually flour.
 shanghai <unk> amp<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 the hong kong shipping corporation has set up a commercial decision on the domestic product industry.
 helping the government and people of sierra leone to consolidate peace in the wake of the civil war in eight years of civil war.
 it was said that history is in the same way.
 the national development framework of the transitional government has shown the role of the state in the economic and social development.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the expansion of the reference of the employment bureau to encompass all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, and that international support will be invalid.
 industrialization partners still need to do many work, reducing tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica noted that the delegation had been very active in its mandate since the members of the committee.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of ancient traditions with the whole world.
 <unk> the director of information services by the director of information services on january 7, 2002.
 the dancers of the dancers are packed with fresh flowers.
 the situation in the united nations social area is most worrying.
 as a result, another emergency hospital, dr yeoh said that the child had been infected with children.
 the questionnaire has been sent to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the photos of the ch'i-tung's photos, the team will be able to catch the world.
 the aim is to improve a 3-party pressure, peace-building, so that ethiopia ceases to war.
 a no. 3 alarm fire occurred in tai po, tai po, tai po, today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the communities of kosovo should not allow the past, and should be able to look at the encouragement of the future.
 all members should not forget that they are absolutely not wasteed.
 on the contrary, the university degree of local university places will be in the coming year.
 i have recently visited various districts to attend the general assembly.
 copies shall be submitted to the prosecutor or the person to send a copy of these written statements.
 qin sheng-sheng said james soong arrived at the 1 station on may 5.
 the committee also provided additional information to the mission during the consideration of the report and the mission provided additional information.
 a major train accident occurred on the north of the north, north of korea north, north of korea.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also include representatives of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and representatives of journalists.
 we can use the use of the people of hong kong and the people of hong kong.
 however, international trafficking in human beings also relate to other areas of other areas, including clothing industry, agriculture and construction.
 i have not always heard religions, but i often hear religion's spirit.
 therefore, in the case of the sar government, only the chinese government will be eligible to vote on the future.
 we must assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council, " the spokesman said.
 okay, thank you, mr. qiuhai.
 in fact, we have been able to implement some of its provisions, particularly on the provisions of mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america is 12 per cent annually.
 the number of unemployed persons dropped to 19.3 million, and the first to 200000 people were first to 200000 people.
 the united states import and export banks in the united states have provided financial assistance to the united states over the world market for the us.
 two informal ministerial meetings will be held on thursday, 5 june and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility to take legal action on the issue of pollution of the financial secretary for financially shipments.
 it was proposed to set up 36 posts in the office of operation, 18 posts, and 18 posts were funded from the regular budget.
 in taiwan, the " 3 route " is the main reference for chen shui-bian's " new middle route ".
 right, we have a table for a double-lane sword.
 in addition, the transport department has increased a daily attack on a daily basis, with a total of 8 to 12.
 as regards political and religious freedom, not only writes to the constitution, but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of members of the council to the attention of members of the council to the situation of external debt.
 if i would like to look at the scene at the scene, the meeting was 210:30. the site was 210.
 the final version of the record shall be subject to 3 years after the beginning of the last subject.
 china has a decrease of 2200000000 people.
 the large number of bangkok people in the wto are prepared to cross the night in the bangkok centre.
 we fully support the statement issued by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis will be able to pick up the carpark of car park near ming road near ming ming road.
 the transfer of the united nations transfer of conventional arms is a transparent measure of the transfer of legitimate arms transfers between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that a number of local employers will continue to streamline staff from the slowdown in economic growth and business prospects.
 it requires social consensus, " the spokesman said.
 such penalties are only applicable to citizens of the czech republic, not the czech republic, and no refugee status is not available.
 when i went to my small children, i have a very serious one's a very serious picture of the movement.
 the commission on human rights and the rights of the people of human rights also participated in the international seminar.
 the process of gender differences and inequality can affect the research process in the process of risk.
 it is conservatively estimated that the potential potential of these technology applications can reach a number of billion us dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (lab) for two years from january next year.
 the 3 category is the elderly.
 " in the east asian region, the fiscal surplus of the financial surplus should also be strengthened.
 the swd has contacted the family and provide psychological counselling.
 the maximum cost of accommodation for accommodation is to be over 80 per cent.
 these developments further exacerbate the strategy for the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor.
 there has been no place in which these people have been exhausted nearly that they have exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops are not asked to withdraw from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment of the police, the training and management of the police are also equally applicable to the prison guards in prisons.
 " it also revealed that the cost of the bridge is sufficient to cope with transport, public utility facilities and other interested parties, " he added.
 now, after nearly 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or was reflected in some international conventions.
 after the buildings, the ministry of home affairs, etc.
 the deployment of all helicopters before the 1 ballot was envisaged.
 i hope hong kong will always be a good sunshine of sunshine, the air quality, prosperity and prosperity.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong have been the main power of economic development.
 it is therefore, therefore, to emphasize the obligation of nuclear powers to conclude by the ctbt to late late 1996.
 in contrast, the largest internet services provided by the united states has only maintained a network of 20 users.
 since the opening of the reform, the country has made significant contribution to the strategic objectives of the world.
 in my country's warmth of the weather, he will be able to reach five and 60.
 i hope that, in the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general will be able to enjoy the hall of this hall.
 <unk> no one shall be allowed to give the guardian of the guardian of the guardian.
 for example, measures agreed to have been agreed to include national citizens in the region, including the national enforcement of nationals in the region.
 as a matter of saying, it is truly a genuine friend.
 mr howard young: madam president, the problems faced by workers, employment, employment and employment difficulties have been affected by some time.
 " even if they enter into taiwan, we should not abandon the " live ". "
 otherwise the draft articles will lose its most practical effect.
 as a result, the average inflation rate of inflation last year has significantly increased.
 no longer want to give the right to use in hong kong in hong kong and taiwan's veterinary college in hong kong.
 the current age is 66 years old.
 on the last weekend, the economic expert on the last weekend has also raised the same forecast.
 the project may also allow more public awareness of cultural diversity and to maintain such diversity as well as in this regard.
 in view of the number of applications, the government is studying whether there is a need to increase the quota of loans.
 the above-mentioned seizure was based on the basis of the code of criminal procedure, and was chaired by the judges.
 judging from this, the student's death back to death is the only way for him.
 patients with basic medical supplies are based on the basis of a standard of medical medical supplies in unrwa health facilities.
 the plan is not merely retribution of land.
 on the subject, the meeting was attempting to remind people that one another person died or maimed by another 20 minutes.
 when they arrived in the neighbours of the neighbours, there will only be a number of crafts of crafts.
 motorists are advised to follow the traffic direction and observe the police officers on the scene.
 the conclusion of the conclusion was some surprising, since the author's failure to comply with the lack of legitimate behaviour involving the defence counsel.
 with the assistance of the ilo, the government of benin is considering the expansion of the material or personal scope of the existing social security system.
 the amputation of the amputees left the life of life, which affects their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries were declining at the same time.
 after the implementation of the scheme is expected to be the first time, many colleagues will first prepare for the first time for lifelong learning.
 he was said to have been subsequently subsequently tied up, after his father's father's father, the ministry of the interior was said to have visited him.
 other officers of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity of the vicinity.
 in fact, the only place in low-skilled skills is the only local service sector.
 the project suggests that currently small-scale enterprise funding approaches are based on the previous policy experience and performance of credit subsidies.
 mrs miriam lau's claim is the assistance of the " youth charter ".
 the three men were arrested for conspiracy to ignore the money.
 they should be open to the state of monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies, and the opening up of a gradual market-oriented market.
 from international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the iraqi war against iraq.
 the real development concept should contain full respect for all universal universal universal universal universal universal recognition.
 state practice demonstrates that the length of the option of the option of the option of the option of option is considerably higher.
 the islamic state of afghanistan has hoped that the security council looks forward to its consideration of the previous agenda.
 all countries have achieved a large reduction in the population of poverty, although the asian economic crisis has led to a setback.
 as a result, the countries of a number of funds are not available.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic spheres.
 the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration of the situation in the republic of croatia and in the surrounding situation.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 for this reason, efforts should be made to achieve the goal of achieving a mutual colons.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> amp<unk> sales, manufactured and sales of the world, and many of the world famous consumer goods.
 as a result of the chickens, the veterins were also deployed at the scene and confirmed that all chickens have not been infected with avian flu. "
 the secretariat's investigation data, which has been numerous missions, has been verified by the secretariat.
 if the floods of floods in the northwest new territories, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 the capital capital of capitalism has often caused drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 after formal entry into the work of the emperor's work, chen's 1-year-old colons, and the result is the first series of comics.
 the one-way link between the two places in the two places will be shortened to 40 minutes.
 the report on the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the economic situation of the palestinian territories is likely to be fully treated.
 <unk> not a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were shot dead and 38 individuals were killed.
 the working group, with international human rights services, participated in the workshop in 1997 to address these issues in 1997.
 28 officers of the immigration department and 13 police officers in sham shui po raids 7 targeted units.
 accordingly, the contracting authority would prefer to consider the measures to be taken into account.
 the developed and developing countries as well as the economic growth of developing countries, as well as the economic growth of economic economies, are particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same source, there are more than 800 persons who were allegedly killed by the communists of the nepalese communist party (macoist).
 according to a law on the basis of a law, no terrorist activities have been convicted, under existing legislation, under existing legislation.
 mr president, it will be a complete solution to the landfills of the garbt valley, mr. president, after closure of the garbage of the landfills.
 in the 1990s, more than 200 million children have been killed in armed conflict, which had left permanent disability or injury.
 this is a great help in the development of ecology. "
 basically, this is the physical commitment of the government in the area of development.
 if the community fails to make improvements or effect, the department will issued warning letters to the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we have been a one of the most competitive economies in the world's most and most competitive economies.
 the spokesman for the highways department today (july 20) signed a contract value of $ 680000000, after the construction of the construction contract valued at $ 680008000000.
 in order to check hong kong legislation, there are 382 in the basic law.
 thirdly, practical cooperation in the field of non-traditional security is carried out.
 from june to july this year, a large proportion of unemployment and employment in most of the major industries have remained stable.
 this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, more people with disabilities will be marketed.
 in addition, australia is actively engaged in the drafting of negotiations for the financing of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the construction of the factory and industrial operations, will effectively implement the protection plan.
 this letter does not mean to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-generals report contained the correct framework for the future in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute number and relative numbers of poverty is growing.
 we look forward to cooperation with the industry in this regard, " the spokesman said.
 the state party submits that the same reason should apply to the present case.
 he was told that the root causes of the darfur conflict was the same dispute between the region of the region with the crops of farming.
 a total of land is reserved for the future development of the fire services department and open space facilities as well as open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the details on the details of the details are also available to improve the language skills of language skills.
 as chen chun-tung sits on the cold winds and from time to time, the waves of the bows and from time to time, the fight against them will be tortured.
 as a matter of fact, the proposal of the " gririson law " of the garrison law is almost the same.
 the spokesman pointed out that the establishment of the resources centre for the establishment of the resources of the judiciary is not encouraging the legal proceedings.
 the chairman of the joint meeting of the joint conference is very useful and will take follow-up action on various recommendations.
 in addition, we will be prepared for the review of the review of the district boards in 2003.
 on 1 avenue, vehicles imported by the secretariat of the 1 avenue will be limited to the cartage of the permanent representative of the permanent representative.
 in the face of the village, more than 2200000 trees were used by the villagers.
 the institute for reform of el salvador was established as a implementation of the land transfer plan, which is a result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee does not oppose these posts.
 anyone who is the girl or the girl was urged to call on mong kok police station to call the mong kok police station at 2398 63.
 in 1997, the institute has designated a formal inspection body to implement improved quality and enhancing productivity programmes.
 this morning, we do not want to focus on two issues in his statement.
 to this end, the importance of education to education is the means and means to promote social development in developing countries.
 the ruf is not the army, and it is also sure that the ruf is not the command of the army.
 the field asset control system is designed to cover a range of audits to the united nations assets, namely, from initial procurement.
 but it cannot be possible.
 for security reasons, these substances must not be unexploded, without radioactive, non-exception, unhydic gas gas and non-discriminence.
 the offence of treason was found in the common law system in the 14 century.
 worsening, as a result of the existence of the existence of nuclear weapons, the threat to the destruction of nuclear weapons seemed to be rooted in their lives.
 in the village, the village has gone away.
 armed conflict in the darfur area began in february last year.
 the rights of non-discrimination is the international protection of human rights, particularly the respect for the international protection of a multi-ethnic system.
 the commission's procedure is confidential, based on the rules, any document or addresses of any document.
 however, with the gradual recovery in the economy, it is believed that the future will be able to pick up in hong kong.
 the selection of the choice is to choose whether or not to deal with the contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but it will be a challenge.
 they tend to residify the situation.
 at that time, governor patten is busy in the preparation of the conservative party elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases from friday, november 16, 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one accused has been sent to the tribunal.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure that the latter is guaranteed.
 the loss of life, particularly the lives of children, have always been saddened, and such feelings are beyond national and religious boundaries.
 a total of $ 50000 was seized in the operation.
 in recent years, the world economy has changed rapidly.
 the guidelines are published in the buildings department and has been distributed to all management companies and owners.
 they believe that the scientific and technological nature of the sciences could not be used as technology.
 while member states have requested to strengthen the field representatives, its progress is being hampered by resource shortages.
 at about 3 p.m. local time at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb occurred in the vicinity of the city of the city.
 senior officials of the high-level high-ranked high-ranking security guard, as well as personal interviewers, will receive special permits to the united nations security service.
 the latest maps and the image of the new access have been transmitted to rescue agencies.
 the programme provides gender discrimination in 1500 million citizens, including students, men, women and children.
 the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies, however, carried out demining activities in its mandate.
 the cambodian kingdom of cambodia provides legal protection for hiv <unk> aids, and protects the human rights of these persons.
 as a result, the housing department once again went to the housing department for further inspection.
 the drop-out rate of school drop-out rates for girls are still higher than boys, in secondary and universities.
 both sides of the anti-comms and educators are not under way of dismissions.
 there is no difficulties in setting up and access to such schools.
 but it did not imagine that her decision had changed her decision.
 a warning letter will be received by the transport department.
 always, in the hands of the united states, he, er, er, er, er, er.
 chairman of the environment for environmental capital cooperation, chairman of the world bank of the world bank.
 if the officials are interested in investment, it is not better than to do business.
 it should also take into account the spread of international systems over the past 10 years, particularly the spread of globalization and new technologies.
 there is no way to say that, i am sure.
 the cuban sugar quota quotas in the us market have been proposed.
 however, in the longer run, the government is still intended to recruit suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the following day is the same day.
 the modernization of the hong kong trade trade legislation ordinance.
 the more voters to vote, of course, of course, of course, is the more representative of our 1 legislative council.
 a number of 400-minute ballistic ballistic ballistic missiles are located at a distance of 400 kilometres in the 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough, he will be able to get a rest in the rest.
 this is a clear example of administration.
 in december 1963, armed attacks were attacked by armed attacks against turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that the model should also include models.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities to understand the details of the case in the court. "
 the chinese delegation wishes to express its appreciation to the work of the subject.
 no one went to him.
 with regard to the gender situation of the marriage of marriage, she asked whether the root causes of the family division had been identified.
 the fact is that the environment is worse than the year before.
 the government announced today (april 20) the appointment of the commission and special adviser to members of the committee on innovation and technology.
 he will have major reforms in the securities and futures markets and to strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 as a result, information on the greater improvement and accessibility of access to information has led to the participation of non-governmental organizations and other important organizations.
 the delegation said that the majority of the majority were from external forces, without controlling groups and individual actions.
 " the success of the success has been made in the past and every member of the present civil service. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to enhance the living standards of children and improvement services, parents are able to pay certain costs.
 however, further efforts needed to be made in order to promote the outcome of the work, which caused attention to the state authorities concerned.
 those responsible for the implementation of these criminal acts could not be allowed to provide safe shelters in other ways.
 on july this year, he was able to see a security guard in sha tin, and saw a security guard on two burglants.
 in the view of the council, he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment, marketers can only take care of his client or contact with them.
 article 54 of the constitution provides that expatriates of the republic of the republic shall be protected by the law of the republic of haiti.
 the member states of the european union have a three-year period of time for a period of three years to bring the direction of legal and 6 june 2000.
 the pfp was a very angeriously anger. the pff has made anger in a press conference.
 it reaffirmed the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region is still under way up by the japanese economy.
 other people, as well as other people, are not useless.
 they will also be sold at a woodenboard to be sold in the light of a wooden woods, which will be able to sell in a wooden woods.
 in the near future, it has been suggested that there was an six-year-old study in the world.
 although the international community condemns its condemnation, a multi-ethnic, multicultural, multicultural and multi-ethnic societies are being eliminated.
 in accordance with the supervision and standards of control by the sfc, the hkma will take place in accordance with the supervision and standards of the regulatory commission.
 stars returned to the first time for the first time.
 we want to see the real universality of peace in the university of peace and to take a truly global mission.
 the population is estimated to be an important element of projections and projections, with regard to private and commercial institutions.
 more than half years ago, the chinese new year festival will be invited to participate in chinese schools.
 the united states government recognizes the immunity of diplomatic immunity.
 2, the fee is paid on the basis of a communcing category.
 in the competition, students are compelled to cope with accidents, such as power, black-sighters, and loading equipment, equipment, equipment, equipment.
 we are considering the views of the trade industry and the implementation of recommendations proposed by the industry.
 the board also visited undcp in thailand and china in thailand and china.
 the bill does not mention any reference to the use of concilicated loans to a concentration of loan or a company.
 it is also strange to say that chinese people have the name of the name of the name.
 the department of health has provided health education to the patients who have received health education and to disinfect the shelter.
 i am very much concerned about the question of post-conflict peace-building.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to follow the implementation of the recommendations of the special rapporteur.
 when focused on the necessary action, we refuse to refuse to stay on a single side.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if members of the council agreed, i will do so.
 these include the threat of the concept of sovereignty, including the concept of sovereignty.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be carried out by the international community.
 a state of emergency was extended again on 15 december.
 following a few days, the authorities began to take prisoners of prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique character of the missile is designed to make it appropriate for a threat, deterrence, coercion, self-defence, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's government's policy is to support platforms as the application of the liberalisation platform as the application system.
 in addition, there are 106-year-old child care centres, and 106 were maintained at the rate of charges.
 after this incident, both sides have taken military action, but there was no major changes in the front line.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a series of new novels.
 but there are some immediate dangers for some immediate dangers.
 the commission may be able to make new images with the commission databases and the recent images of the commission database (5000).
 a 10 per cent vacancy factor in the estimate contains a 10 per cent vacancy factor.
 the use of natural gas from coal to natural gas will also reduce the sulphur of sulphur, nitrogen and carbon dioxide.
 works will start in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, the large number of establishments in the manufacturing sector refers to more than 100 or more than 50 or more.
 under section 23 of the penal code, section 23 of the penal code, section 23 of the penal code, is a maximum limit for the preparation of the offence.
 the general assembly had recently adopted resolution 5682 of the non-self-governing territories, from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. president of the world (china) (interpretation from chinese): 7 july was the death of the king of morocian king of morocco.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan operations mission in the operation of the rwanda operation.
 of them, 60 consists of non-governmental organizations and the remaining 19 were organised by the swdd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to the special concerns of the spanish.
 it would be necessary for the automation of the car in the wake of a cartage.
 secondly, small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes ") apply to the capacity of information technology.
 8 days later, u.s.a. the usa and us were two times.
 more than 2000 basinlands will be displayed at the hong kong park of the hong kong park in hong kong from 13 to 16.
 the survey will be provided to the standard of living in the territory of the territory, particularly the level of poverty.
 one of the hot hot hot spots in the family is sony company this year.
 the abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is precisely the trend of respect for human rights in the world.
 it is also known to know that he was very effective for vomiting and other disorders.
 15. the head of the 15 catholic church, the head of the humanitarian organization and his many of his staff, said to be executed in dili.
 in particular, he proposed that the legislation had been revised in 1999.
 secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea, the ministry of foreign affairs, held in beijing.
 he will be published at the luncheon meeting of the hong kong trade development council and the french association of france.
 should take into account the interests of each other, the international community can co-operate with common cooperation.
 the ministry of finance was submitted to a reply by the ministry of finance on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary goal is that the property market is the property market, and the property prices will not be large. "
 if the honourable lau ping-cheung has just said, it seems to say that it would be possible <unk>
 the sponsor delegation stated that the legal basis of the proposal could be found in the articles of the charter.
 in any event, the country must begin to collect data on their stockpiling and production of historical records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are from various relevant agencies.
 i remember that there are many people who have used a lot of interests, as well as in the interests of the benefit.
 i believe that many people will not agree with this view, but in principle opposed the levy of land departure tax.
 according to the contract, the relevant transport <unk> transport issue must be agreed upon to all those in the region.
 the armed forces in the southern part of the angolan armed forces also took place in the southern southern part of the country and continued in the southern part of the country.
 if we decided to extend the scheme, we intend to continue to provide assistance for the assistance of the labour shortage to the problem of labour.
 they use the green speed speed and the speed quickly, with speed speed quickly and the cost of the price is $ 80000000000.
 in 2001, the court had received a stabides on the government of the people's republic of china.
 such jobs are still being assigned to the division, and there is a need to consider concrete consideration and approval.
 police will take special traffic arrangements on hong kong island in order to hold a public interest in the community.
 private universities have also offered relief fees to the students.
 the relationship between our relationship and egypt, as well as the restoration of multilateral negotiations, is essential to further realize the common goal of our region.
 he was very strong and strong, and he was very strong, and he was able to grasp his heart.
 some police officers will have to be released on the question of the perpetrators.
 although the number of oil was not used to be sold in medicines, they have been sold by a german company through a german company.
 it welcomed the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt).
 israel has also continued to open the opening of the holy al-qq al-q al-aq al-aq al-aq al-aq al-aq al-qaq al-aq al-qaq al-aqa.
 in fact, after the spring festival festival this year, the travel industry council has not received a number of visitors to travellers.
 " i believe you will become an important asset between the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has carried out an depreciation in the service of the latter to reflect the latter.
 so, if you are concerned about the rights of the demonstration, i agree that this should not be relaxed.
 the two private cars immediately escaped from the scene along sha tsui street to escape from the scene.
 although they are still in the case of the case, they are still in defence.
 governments have taken various ways to regulate these monopolies.
 however, it must be pointed out that, in the absence of their respective roles and mission, direct comparisons in the study of the study.
 i believe that not only affects today, it will also affect the future.
 the political virtuation of environmental problems has been brought to an end, and even without " all the words " for development ".
 " our immunization system is like the same as the army, as like the army.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this resulted in a fall in the gaza strip and led to salt water from sea to the east.
 in my view, we have demonstrated the commitment of this week to express our commitment to our common spirit.
 i also express our gratitude and appreciation for the secretary-general, and thank him for his report to the present report today.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 argentina, for its part, has been able to sacrifice democratic democracy after decades of political instability.
 the western gates of the west are only one of the legends.
 as well as what we are well known as we are well known, it is important.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations participation in the work of the oceans.
 in history, there are no other children who died in the history of the child.
 the " peace " is the entire continent of the entire continent and to bring about the peoples of the peoples peoples. "
 as the chairman of the newly established consultant, mr. president, on the basis of a good foundation for the ad hoc committee, has been built on a good basis.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become a means of morality and the desire of the international community as a whole.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures were low in recent years, and reported seizures of 913 kg cocaine.
 to that end, pakistan supports the proposal of the mexican government to consider the request of the international court for budgetary budget.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (ef) has issued a detailed arrangements for the establishment and operational arrangements of the industry.
 then, he was taken away by a police vehicle when he was taken up with a police vehicle, and he was admitted from the car.
 with regard to the environment, international efforts should be carried out in more effective and more substantive ways.
 the secretary-general has presented the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to define the user and evaluation results of information.
 mr chan kam-lam said that he made more than my statement than my speech, but i would like to make my statement.
 lithuania also attached great importance to the role of other international forums on the issue of anti-terrorism issues.
 the united states court of appeal of the united states court of the united states court of the united states court of appeal to the court of the united states.
 to this point, 150000 displaced persons in the southern part of the equation area, in the southern part of the equation area, have not been deprived of aid.
 as a result of the fighting and air strikes in kabul, some international groups were forced to go city.
 in response to the current economic environment, we also urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the feasibility of pre-trial training courses. "
 at best, i am not going to hold the local saying that the government is not to do so.
 the current operating budget of the operation is a total of us$ 40 per year.
 a 10-year-old payment shall be set up on 31 december with a view to compensating a 10 per cent payment of the exchange rate.
 the president of the president and his wife unanimously.
 the ministerial ministerial meeting of world trade will be held in seattle, and could be a suitable forum.
 speaking on the above-mentioned 1 problem, he said that the " basic capacity " of secondary school students, university graduates and professional groups should be met.
 therefore, if the so-called unanimousness of the so-called unanimousness of the so-called consensus, it is not good.
 regular receives and handling the images of 30-minute photographs-6-6-6 and 7.
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board before february this year.
 as regards the content of these two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance is basically in favour.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports went up to 2<unk>3 and colombian imports, which has risen to 2<unk>3 and colombia.
 examples of the most recent example is to build a coertch in the shattttor, which deals with the integrity of country parks.
 the contents of the various types of projects envisaged are contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyers, chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyers, will be a keynote speech in the workshop.
 12 juveniles arrested in the operation were released on bail pending further investigations by the 12 teenagers in the operation.
 this issue has frequently been reported to the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but there is no room for progress.
 regional security systems have expanded its ability to collect information on counter-terrorism activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how information and the use of such information as a matter of choice.
 to safeguard the interests of consumers, i am speaking on the democratic party's debate on the democratic party's debate.
 turkey supports the director-general to promote the policy of the field representative, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 but there are 15 different countries of different countries.
 in accordance with the provisions of the treaty, the legal assistance of the treaty has requested the legal assistance of the treaty.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000 people are able to return to their homes.
 the list of nationals should be subject to a shorter and direct victims of the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to mr tam yiu-chung.
 as to the underemployment rate, the underemployment rate was also seen in the construction industry, both the construction industry and the transport industry.
 as a result of the budget constraints, it is necessary to deal with a number of restrictions on the cost of lawyers and expenditures.
 it is essential that there is a time-of-the-case basis, which is not too long to become punishable.
 on the weekend, there is a time when the time comes to the weekend, these places have been taken up to the children's family.
 banks do not want to take place in another one that is the government direct banks to deal with its business.
 for enquiries on the programme, please contact the admission seat at 2.66<unk> admission seats are available at 2.99.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can be studying a unit.
 the procedure for the part of the penal code of georgian penal code, in detail in article 190 to 2001, is a procedure for the assets (the bank accounts).
 " we also think that the need to expand the training and traffic aspects, " he said.
 since the establishment of the united nations established 50 years, albania has been one of the most gratifying dictatorships in the continent.
 we do not support the way in resolving the north korea nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask what i did not <unk> they would say that they will be joining you.
 he was subsequently released after a few days later.
 investigations by traffic investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are proceeding.
 finland will participate actively in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty against anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 should be considered in accordance with the international institutions of the international institutions more specifically.
 1970, embassy of the us embassy in italy.
 there is a code of self-discriminating moral practice on the areas of conflict zones.
 preconditions should be that the provisions should be, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all sale arrangements for sale will be sold for sale in the hos scheme.
 during the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 5500, while the number of deaths was 30000.
 however, i have said that, since this issue reflects the historical and people of the balkans.
 in the future of our future, the chinese side said: " the chinese people can do so.
 over any other group, they need the attention and care of the family, social and government.
 it was reported that, in the light of the pollution of pollution, these foods have been affected by the pollution of the pollution. these foods are imported from other places.
 with regard to the choice of children's choice of their children, luxembours gave reservations to the ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed and agreed to stop arms into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should carefully discuss their views and listen to their views.
 i also want to have been a small boy who wanted to have been killed over the past decade.
 chen kuang talked about women.
 the overall plan focused on assisting girls and women to raise self-esteem.
 he very strongly reaffirms that the management of the administration and palau are committed to safeguarding the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. c. s. c. s. c. jiang.
 in promoting the promotion of chickens, there are rooms to promote the development of the colons and flowers.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding.
 in this context, the committee has made efforts to understand the full abuse of iraq.
 the special rapporteur has been visiting rwanda.
 those who have lost their efforts.
 the main reason for the uncompleted balance was due to an end to the programme.
 moreover, as a member of the international community, we will continue to contribute directly to the palestinians directly.
 scientific research and practical application of the satellite remote sensing areas should be strengthened.
 according to the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region all permanent residents are entitled to election and elected.
 of the 40-year enterprises in service industry, 40000 enterprises have been loaned, creating or saved 79.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of a further response to the nuclear tests conducted by the nuclear tests in india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the country, international organizations and the united nations itself to provide assistance to our country.
 we also persuade entrepreneurship.
 a few months later, the storm has become a very painful period of painful adjustment.
 ah, i have been closed yesterday.
 after protesting protests, some people were emotionally emotional, and the police are in a high-risk water.
 the programme of work on trade points is only in recent years.
 i think that the most important thing is to respect the civil service to allow them to discuss together with you.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the system of pensions to the impact of womens impact on men.
 (c) the office of force commanders office is sensitive to the office of the office of the office of the office of the office.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expectations of the global economy and international trade.
 the ministry of the community development department and support division, which has been undertaken by the ministry of community development, has undertaken publicity campaigns, the national day, exhibition and similar activities.
 " it is extremely successful in the gizmon global market, " said the gizmon global market, said: " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should continue to see human rights in the same position as the same status.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy for the prevention of conflict.
 similar to the annex iii of the joint declaration is also seen in article 120 of the basic law.
 he then kicked me.
 the us dollar deposits increased by 17 per cent in november to november, and was only 0.0% in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 it is clear, however, that women fully participate in the community's ability to participate fully in the economic and social resources and its legal rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the various committees have clearly reflected the urgency of the common concern of all humankind.
 it is necessary to conclude their despair and suffering.
 " we are committed to the preservation of all hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in the position of the position, the chinese side made a reasonable solution to the chinese side.
 after all $ 20000000000, only $ 123000000.
 the rental indices for the consumer price index reflects the changes paid by households in hong kong.
 such an approach should be focused on whether they will proceed to the original security of the original security.
 he argues that the beijing olympics are prepared and supervised, and china will certainly succeed in 2008.
 the commission considered the key issues of production in the production of sexual employment in february this year.
 it is possible for us to do so. it is a general assessment that we will face the grave situation.
 the protection of maternity protection in the workplace in 2000 was also prohibited from 8 to 21 weeks.
 the actual facilities of paraguagua have also made significant improvement in the river transit corridor into the 2 major transport routes of the road.
 you are welcome to see.
 in this connection, the financial secretary also agreed that it would be important to show that we will be able to implement as soon as possible.
 for the public, the importance of the general assembly hall, as well as the art culture.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly is far more fast than the overall population.
 a 45-year-old man was killed at 2 am today (friday).
 in addition, it was reported that the national archives of the state file was looted.
 this is a great honour to officiate at the opening ceremony of china's space technology and technology.
 the discipline of discipline and their discipline is to be brought to the united nations as a whole.
 these recommendations have been made for many years ' public opinion, " says the people from the public to come to the people.
 " there is no need for the public to be unduly worried, " a police spokesman said.
 police appeal to members of the public for information on the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the whereabouts of the missing person.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for the system-wide meeting.
 the seven-year-old man, a spirit of spirit, is very good, and there are every day of 100 patients.
 this incident occurred on the road to the road of migrants near kshka.
 in fact, the number of unemployed is a number of times.
 the government of some industrial countries have already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries from the decision to begin at a point of further consideration.
 in the century and the millennium, it has seen a great achievement of human beings.
 mr deputy president, mr deputy president, i hope that i would like to say a few debates about this matter.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is civilian populations.
 the 3. people will be used as biotechnology revolutionary.
 i understand the chinese government to draft the basic law to draft the basic law of the basic law.
 violations of those rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for addressing many of these challenges.
 the money provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people to food and medicines. this is the oil-for-food programme.
 note: chinese chargical funds and chinese temples are set up in 1992.
 it is well known that the voluntary and compulsory recruitment of voluntary recruitment is sometimes difficult.
 on the japanese pages, i read this letter on the japanese page.
 at the same time, the rate of inflation is expected to be nearly 10 per cent.
 mr tu also mentioned that he thought that the legal profession has a lot of voters in the legal profession.
 i also agree with the amendments to reduce some of the additional administrative requirements.
 i do not need to repeat, and everyone is very clear.
 a number of meetings will be submitted to the session and recommendations of the 1 session of the review committee.
 management systems are a complex project, which has a profound impact on the management of the united nations, budgetary and financial work.
 if we don't have a lot of people's own people, we can buy the number of talents, and the number of prizes are also high.
 in order to co-operate with the relevant measures, customs, the department, lands department and the planning department will carry out the above-mentioned verification exercise.
 mr. wang ying ying (china) (interpretation from chinese): i would like to congratulate you for your presidency as president of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure security.
 the objective of the text is to make a number of political options and rights to the countries concerned with the international wrongful act.
 responding to the police, police officers conducted investigation into the three rooms in the hotel.
 they must accept the continuing professional training and their registration <unk> mandates will be considered for renewal.
 in late february each year, the education department will be invited to participate in the selection process in march.
 the implementation of these technologies, however, is enormous.
 i also said that he was not heed with him.
 the contradiction in paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph 3 has become more obvious.
 the minimum requirement for the ageing service would enable every society to benefit from each society.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should address the remuneration of the insolvency representative.
 i do not repeat the arguments that i wish to do so, only i can only give them to the employees of the elderly.
 when there are no other speakers, the president shall announce the debate on the debate.
 he said, " you are often able to contact the people's minds, " he said.
 i do not need to be able to make a decision on the situation in the future.
 the sisters of the sisters have been suffering from the hunger and the winds of winds took one day.
 " we should continue to improve the level of service, which is a society of our expectations. "
 it is possible to create a big step forward in the future.
 4. the community has now strongly supported the adoption of a bill of rights and establishing these freedoms.
 it seems to me that the government is " themselves ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it has been able to enter the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will significantly slow. "
 the united kingdom believes that the court should be in line with some guidelines.
 in order to reduce funds in the near future, i think the government should be more active in implementing policy.
 the vienna convention on treaties to multilateral covenants and agreements, including the rights of human rights treaties, are also subject to reservations.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is in the process of establishing a genuine state of a market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, rwandan soldiers were reportedly attacked a 7, including five children.
 " we will submit a notice soon as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) the management of private land is the responsibility of land title.
 this has become more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also think that there is a lot of cultural life in hong kong.
 in a number of countries, cross-boundary transit instruments belong to customs regulations, such as smuggling or violations of foreign exchange control.
 over 95% of the tax tax and personal income income tax can be received from the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness and seriously consider the need for japan.
 preparations for the tenth anniversary of women in the sudan, welfare and family affairs of the ministry of social development.
 he also serves to the secretary-general of the administrative committee and the chairman of the organizing committee.
 the exhibition is the end of the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, the differences in life expectancy at birth (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, it is the checks and balances between the administration and legislation.
 even if the shells are not going to be public transport, it is almost no one to work in the streets.
 this year may be, after all, it may be the same.
 next, let us take you a moment of iraq's policy in the past.
 in addition, members may have to observe the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 i would like to take my speech, and i would like to make my speech.
 despite a good performance, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to achieve its objectives.
 right, there is a little difference.
 if we hope that the united nations is a crucial role, we must make the united nations to take the united nations to take place before it.
 in his budget, the financial secretary mentioned the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for repairing works in public housing estates.
 after the election of mr deputy president, i believe that this is my last meeting of the legislative council.
 the spokesman said: " the number of accidents and accidents in the catering industry have declined, " the spokesman said.
 the croatian police are still being carried out by the croatian police regularly to patrol and vehicle patrol.
 mr cheung pointed out that the three " fundamental problem ", mr cheung said that this will be misunderstanding by the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more support for more support.
 before the registration scheme is formally implemented, the authorities will consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr. martin lee, you are asking the advice, and it is not appropriate for a question of question.
 as a matter of fact, the government has already " winds " to reduce the salaries of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington to the end of the visit to the last station.
 the exports of developing countries to the united states have increased from 22 to 28 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12th session, in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 then she has a pair of shoes.
 <unk> 152, in spite of the need to analyse the data and quantity of data, the analysis of the data are less.
 however, the report pointed out that although the local market had food, the power of the population is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agreed that this view was recommended and recommended that the current level of 2.7 per cent had been retained.
 the international community's achievements in the fight against the fight against terrorism should not be the reason for that reason.
 the administration has been recognized as the interests of the sovereign state.
 however, hong kong's economy has continued to grow, and the surplus of the colons of the housing estates has been in many countries.
 this should be done.
 the under-secretary-general is not determined by the under-secretary-general.
 for more than 3 years, a large amount of documents proves that, owing to the shortage of water supply, the cost of life has been paid.
 the treaty is limited to the prohibition of nuclear tests, but not prohibiting the quality of nuclear tests, or to produce new weapons systems.
 they told him that he was unable to visit him because they are anxious.
 overall, as a whole, it is much greater than its part.
 (b) the c <unk> amp<unk> c <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 in the light of the green paper in the green paper, it is really hu said.
 in 1993, the author's appointment was appointed to be a member of a member of the international court of arbitrators.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority should be given to co-operation between national protection and protection of human rights and the infrastructure of the state.
 this age group averaged 5 hours a week.
 this phase will result in a single uniform reimbursement rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must use the use of international law as the most powerful law.
 at present, scientific technology is changing, and the economic co-operation of economic cooperation is unprecedented, and the world is moving towards multipellation.
 the subjects of the chinese and western paintings and the museum of the museum is also beginning.
 it's a great deal with a sense of view.
 i have spoken on the response of the crisis in west africa.
 the most fundamental, however, is a genuine commitment to peace and national reconciliation.
 china's exporters and investors have increased significantly in the activities of the european union.
 there are few signs that there are very few examples of fiji.
 such seminars are very tired, but everyone thinks that this return was not wasteed.
 in addition to the brazilian brazilian turtles, fushu and snacks have occupied the most strong species in taiwan.
 women have also been subjected to discrimination between women and men, or in the middle of the labour force.
 (a) its economy is more than 50 per cent of its economy<unk> (february 2) can generally refer to the developed countries.
 today, saint lucia was the 1 time in history of the 1 time in history.
 in some cases, the non-governmental organizations attempt to influence the government.
 this phenomenon is the product of a new single-counted system of a state of a country.
 some of the original groups have not been able to come out and oppose the 1988 direct elections in 1988.
 however, with the return of the people of the population, it will be necessary for east timor to continue its resources to continue.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police officer was attacked by car bombs, killing five dead and 19 injured.
 for a few months, the police charged with human rights violations or criminal acts also decreased.
 his elected election highlights the advantages of him, his personal qualities and his rich experience in international affairs.
 since tourism is a " people-oriented industry ", there is no need for the entire industry to survive.
 the line of 10 cms shall be at the age of 173 doubles and 133 double-storeys.
 in order to delete the words " withdrawal ".
 at the same time, the department has also been trained as a general service to deal with the hawkers.
 in the non-political security situation, the debtors should be responsible for the maintenance and maintenance of the debtor.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly in the context of mutual legal assistance, will be open to the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress in the context of urgent needs.
 explosions occurred in the vicinity of the vicinity, but at the scene of the scene, there was no casualties.
 the council has also embarked on a new " mixed-cast " meeting, which is open to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures have taken place in the near future.
 as mentioned above, there was no mention of the office in section 8 of the document.
 i accepted the constitutional secretary for constitutional affairs that there is some things that are too close to the election.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 the two vacancies still need to be filled, and the meeting was suspended.
 the carparks of the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth in earning portfolios remained stable, and the growth in earning earnest growth remained stable.
 many people have been able to have access to the convenience of carark shopping to do so.
 in mid-july this year, li also visited japan to join japan in the 8 world in the 8 world at the end of this year.
 the 3 ldcs of the 3 least developed countries will be held from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the ma wan island's comprehensive development plan.
 in accordance with this commitment, france, as soon as possible, indicate the detailed details of the two units.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat needs to be fully involved in the conference, including the preparation of background documents, direct participation in meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, new york, november 12 <unk> <unk>x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 the small seventy is well-being, he was satisfied with the satisfaction and love of her friends.
 on the safety of hong kong's occupational safety, mr cheung kin-chung is a major keynote " revolution.
 i would like to ask you one thing.
 the new advantages of hong kong's new airport is the most advanced-to-date radar and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited financial resources of the financial difficulties, many smaller amounts can be generated from a large amount of funds.
 with regard to the contents of the draft articles, it was stated that the contents of the draft are too complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the rule of law, but also we have to uphold hong kong's international financial centre.
 the distribution of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states need to ensure their generous commitment to their generous commitments.
 of course, the author is not opposed to supporting the grass-roots level.
 lin yu-hsiang was found in a number of 50-year-old man, and its personality has a change in its personality.
 the israeli occupying forces are still entering into all houses after all houses in the village, causing the houses and burnt another another.
 the above-mentioned symptoms should be invited to obtain doctors as soon as possible.
 child prostitution refers to the use of the use of children or any other forms of consideration of the use of children.
 this is a remarkable achievement.
 meanwhile, the value of orders for the metal products industry increased further in the value of orders for metal products.
 it is equally important to face the serious external debt problem in africa, which accounted for the export of export earnings for these countries.
 after a multi-hour debate and for many years, we are now going to return back to the beginning.
 in the council, 14 panel panels have 14 panels who are engaged in working with individual capacities, rather than representatives of state.
 as regards the establishment of a more in-depth tactical training training unit, there is a more intensive tactical training.
 the entire project will be completed in the end of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen to replace north-south cooperation and should be seen as a matter of its supplement.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed, and there are many changes in the traditional structure of the family structure.
 in order to ensure a high quality of chinese textbooks, the authorities have set up chinese textbooks for chinese textbooks.
 another thing is: " the business of the banks is best to do so as only as long as long as the artillery ones.
 some people were reportedly injured.
 while the ethiopian delegation appreciates the leadership role in the area, the panel discussed members of the panel on a number of interesting issues.
 the united nations military contingents will help to prevent those who might wish to interfere with the process of democratization.
 in order to make these policies, however, it is necessary to look at trade.
 however, it was reported that this man had been transferred to this person who had been transferred to them.
 in order to avoid the strong interests of political parties, political parties should be able to obtain public funding, and the cost of election costs should be controlled and transparent.
 it is expected that the provision of background information and exercise of the working group will be completed in the year 2000.
 it has never been imagined that sun yun-yun has reached numerous waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium board, mr chan wing-yu, this morning, together with the committee of the committee, will report to the chief executive.
 asianet daily summary-press releases from 20 november 2001 sydney, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, a large number of people in the new territories will only be controlled by the collective official.
 we welcome the partnership in these areas. "
 if you want to make computers, " don't " harm you ", " don't " harm you ".
 prior to may 1998, the security forces in the security forces of indonesia seem to be a matter of power, no matter whether the authorities or the local people do not.
 please be invited to watch the 5 series of new zealand new zealand's new zealand's series of new zealand new zealands.
 the new merger criteria adopted by the committee on 18 june 1998 included the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 during the pilot system, 15. during the pilot system, it was suggested that there is an impact on the part of the area and in general.
 a few programs on this seminar were broadcast on a few programs on this seminar.
 if one person is dissatisfied with the age of 65, there is a minimum wage of more than a minimum wage, which is not entitled to receive pension.
 in general, this information will not be disclosed.
 he has always been working on the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the authority to conduct a review of the highest international standards for the highest international standards.
 " the labour department will find appropriate vacancies and helping employment, " the spokesman said.
 since china's recent accession to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games will be held in beijing, the co-operation of two companies is expected to be prepared.
 recently, the university of hong kong came from the mainland, who came from the mainland in hong kong.
 as far as the overall system, the existing system has played a checks and balances.
 he said that if someone had been stolen, then it would be assured of the safety of several thousand people.
 the kosovo serbs participate in the elections, which demonstrates the importance of their attention to the provisional self-government.
 it was the headquarters of the ruf headquarters.
 the " taipei city " signboards " signboards " signboards in the new paintings.
 the same requirement does not disclose the name, " said official officials of a yao and the bar in the bajap.
 born in 1944 born in new zealand, kkuck rice, professor of rice, university of the university and the australian national university.
 in the tradition of traditional markets, two chickens are engaged in their own business.
 details of the scheme, in both english and chinese, have been put up at the venue of the construction sites at the time of the project.
 because the dpp has made a new dpp.
 in the manufacturing sector, it is indeed a choice of many employees.
 the claimant provided the credit guarantees for exporters and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for action in all areas of action.
 the committee recommends that more attention should be given to the accuracy of the estimated requirements.
 under the health organization, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted in the world bank's world bank's bank's bank's bank's bank's office, " he said.
 in this section, we have been published in the " red camera ", " says liaoning people's publishing publication.
 madam president, the secretary for today's secretary for today's secretary for today's today's grandty.
 in the light of the atmosphere, i might say that some of the comparisons are more interesting.
 the comments contained in the annex are contained in the annex to the statute of the international court of justice.
 the responses received very enthusiastic response to the audience and a great deal of encouragement.
 i can also quote some examples, who complained that some of the chronic patients who have been infected with the hospital authority were denied.
 this approved need to be amended to reflect the latest developments in kowloon.
 in fact, i have all arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is supporting to ensure that gender-based gender was sensitive to gender issues in 2001.
 she enjoys all civil servants.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the plan to involve various activities involved involving the victims, and prosecutions are involved in the victims.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the committee noted that in some instances, reports would mention the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 fighters can be fired from some 15000 small arms ammunition.
 secondly, to reduce the situation in the situation.
 we first have taken action on the economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded him to his daughter.
 moreover, there has been no cash in cash funds for peacekeeping operations.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general for the secretary-general of the under-secretary-general for the secretary-general under-secretary-general.
 the attractiveness of developing countries in developing countries is likely to trigger financial instability.
 a international seminar was held on 24 and 25 june 1998 with the government of the czech republic.
 since the transaction deals with the transfer of banking licences, the number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged, and there is still 177.
 this is mainly attributable to the difference between some countries in a number of countries that have been achieved or did not exist.
 the new phenomenon of aids has led to the suffering of children and orphans<unk> the increase in the tribal conflict has increased more heavy.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello proposed that the civilian police handled the effectiveness of complex action.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia did not exist.
 this figure will increase by 19 per cent of africa's population in africa.
 at the same time, the situation is more bad, such as thailand, china, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 one of the typical consumers in the united states will spend more than 150000 advertisements in life.
 i believe that the humanitarian situation in iraq is more disastrous.
 this is a matter of way to play.
 the office of the department urged the department of disarmament to help the new dynamic political will of the new millennium.
 the financial position of our financial position is lucky than britain. therefore, there is absolutely no need to take it.
 the last time ra laden was last seen by the end of 2004, but his deputy of his deputy of his deputy of his deputy.
 the 4 area is establishing the rule of law based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on the reduction of the waste reduction programme (the working group) as chairman of the government.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter. "
 as a result of the performance of the national music scholar, mr hu woon-ming of the national music of national music scholars, as a result of the performance of national music scholars.
 the gross surplus of the total receipts in the services sector, by 17.2%, decreased by 1.2% in 1995.
 in post-conflict post-conflict post-conflict, children needs to be taken into account in society.
 the military attacks carried out by the bosnian serb forces have been carried out on a daily basis.
 a spokesman for the department said that a total of 5400 visits were completed in the field survey period for a two-week period.
 the chickens have been tested and tested, " the spokesman said.
 he said that the secretariat wished to provide guidance to the executive board to continue these practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres long and extends 10 kilometres to iraq and extend 5 kilometres to kuwait.
 all over 70 per cent of all children engaged in family services are girls.
 therefore, a number of measures have been introduced to ensure that the needs of female prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 on the 1 time, taiwan's 1 deputy director liu ming-ming also came to taiwan.
 the central meteorological station is expected to be a heavy fog weather in china's north china and south china.
 this section recalled the reasons that the right to food may not be considered in the past.
 at the end of the 19 century, the occup was used to be a white ball.
 the criminal law and criminal procedure act has been revised in order to provide the national legal system.
 any person who commits appropriate legal sanctions to engage in arms will be able to facilitate compliance with respect to the establishment of the manufacturing process.
 the government and the business community have launched a series of activities aimed at strengthening the international community's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces is too large and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet group of hong kong and the hong kong ballet group of hong kong will be distinguished guests.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs, li li, said at the opening ceremony, said: " all along, hong kong is a immigrants society.
 on 30 may, there have been a new battle between the forces and the taliban in the north-western part of the taliban.
 the computer system has a large number of major issues in the computer system and a number of major issues related to privacy and other related issues.
 this document will be included in the voluntary contributions of the asean regional forum, which they believe that the security situation in the region was in place.
 every day, the soldiers said that the items will be handed over to the same day.
 the longer the implementation of the mpf system, the more effective implementation of the mpf system will be better.
 the committee was informed that the vehicle was replaced by the united nations assistance mission to the united nations assistance mission in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they often look at the people of the people, such as the enemy.
 the railway system is an integral part of the hong kong special transport system.
 according to the provisions of the convention, it was recognized that troop-contributing countries are an important partner for peacekeeping operations.
 i think i am sorry my voters.
 through this election, china has been able to ensure hong kong as a asset class.
 it appears that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not make use of this procedure.
 as a result, it is not possible to go to a new field, but it is not possible for others to go to new areas. "
 the results will be released in july.
 on the 1940s of the 1940s in 1940, it has been more than half a century.
 however, in today's bill today, it is a question that the bill will be implemented within the transition period.
 he was arrested by the united states following the arrival of los angeles in new zealand.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, briefed the hong kong economic outlook for 2003 and the future.
 the economy is highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas and processing.
 some experts indicated that statistics have not been fully reflected in the size of the issue.
 therefore, we would like to respond to the need for different types of bricks in different areas.
 after the opening of the reform of the economic reform of 1978, china's exchange rate regimes had a black market.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, a bkek group has been established.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that the fundamental foundations have changed.
 we will continue to persuade the young people, " he said.
 some of the results are in the follow-up of the results: apart from religious, social studies, mathematics, mathematics, and reading materials.
 this year, the total revenue of this year's total revenue amount to $ 145500, a total of $ 825600 is nearly 20%.
 these provisions should be used to use the chinese side.
 non- monetary items carried out in other currencies are based on the united nations operational exchange rate in other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 we are also ranked 2 in hong kong's best service providers in hong kong. "
 in the wake of the incident, i am aware of my strong dissatisfaction with the government concerned.
 " we need to amend the plans to reflect the latest land use of the north-eastern north-eastern north-eastern north-eastern north-eastern lantau.
 this forced bilateral negotiations in that stage.
 to that end, member states are required to pay their assessed contributions on time, full and unconditional payment of assessed contributions.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information on the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 over half a century, mankind live in a very hot danger of hot danger.
 he said that as a first cabinet of the cabinet, we have established a cabinet for the first cabinet.
 in all cases, it would be necessary for the longer time to take place for the period 2003-04.
 there is no other group of other groups.
 the seriousness of the act is comparable to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. the financial statements of the financial statements were applied to the financial statements of the financial statements.
 in the south of yunnan, there will be heavy rains in some parts of the world.
 on behalf of the comoros and people of the comoros, i would like to express my condolences to the families of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet done a plan to increase the structure of the undp structure in undp.
 in 2000, the bureau of the year 2000 was vice-chairman of the delegation of mali, mali and ukraine as vice-presidents.
 ohchr will promote the development of the right to development at the centre of poverty, plans, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational vocational vocational vocational training council (wf) is currently conducting some 70-level examinations for some 70 candidates.
 after the culprits escaped, the victim's entry into the employer was found to be awaiting the incident.
 the authorities have declared today's day today.
 for instance, the killings have been set up in phase iii, but it was late until it was late to take up the crop season.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has been reduced by 30 per cent.
